Over Vegas, Father.
I just saw a glimpse of Vegas.
Are these all on the same day?
I pray over Las Vegas, Lord.
It is interesting; I just saw a glimpse of New Orleans, Bourbon Street.
It is an attack simultaneously when people are distracted with much drinking in these areas, with intoxication on these streets that I'm seeing.
There are people that are very intoxicated; their senses are not alerted for what's happening.
These areas are picked: the bars.
It's not as strong in New Orleans as Tennessee and Nevada, as Nashville and Las Vegas.
The party scene—there's something about New Orleans, but it's not as strong as what I see about these two places.
There's something more.
It's like one and many, but I would say New Orleans is darkest.
But there's just one man and many.
It's a mass plan; there's more than just these two.
The Lord says there's more than just these two.
He's given me a glimpse into these two, though.
Father, there's more.
Now where?
But You just want me to pray over this.
The city was New Orleans, and it was interesting because I only saw one individual in New Orleans.
Whenever it spread, the New Orleans thing was not as hot.
I want to say the point in the vision was not as intense to be concerned about that as much as what I saw in Nashville, Tennessee.
Whenever I saw Nashville, Tennessee and was interceding for Nashville, it was a very strong Holy Spirit check.
It's like there's something there.
And then I saw a major event taking place in Nashville.
Then I saw in Las Vegas.
And what I thought was really interesting was it was all Middle Eastern men—like terrorist Al-Qaeda or ISIS—that's who it was.
They were attacking bar areas, places that they thought were unholy, which Christians should too, but places that they thought the infidels were.
It was a place of even a blasphemous sin: a bar, getting drunk, doing things like dancing or being immoral in these cities.
That's all I was shown, and the vision was like those bar lights on the signs and the windows.
In the vision, people were being hurt in Nashville in those areas because of the bars, and I was seeing honky-tonk dancing and stuff.
Then I saw people in Las Vegas on the Strip and things happening there.
That's what the Lord showed me: this is a planned thing and it would happen at the same time.
It was a multi-event that would happen all in one night, like a "boom boom boom.
" The Lord also showed me terrorist attacks starting to try to take place in Europe.
I saw terrorist attacks in Europe.
I saw terrorist attacks coming out of Toronto, and I saw terrorist attacks coming into Pennsylvania and New York in very strong terrorist activities trying to take place and shake the world.